Add OAuth SIG meeting link to README (#32385)
keycloak/keycloak: README.md

Before contributing to Keycloak, please read our [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Participation in the Keycloak project is governed by the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

> Our [website](https://www.keycloak.org/community) lists the community meetings, you may find things to work on by joining them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joining a [community meeting](https://www.keycloak.org/community) is a great way to get involved and help shape the future of Keycloak.
```

Author: @stianst 
Thanks, I've incorporated your suggested fixes.
